---
title: 'Studied integral and Electron!'
date: 2020-06-23
permalink: /diary/2020-06-23-today
category: diary
tags:
  - math
  - integral
  - electron
---

# Studied integral and Electron!
Hi. I studied integral and Electron today.  
As it spread of COVID-19, we delay studying math in school.  
So we begin to be taught integral (Mathematics II) at last.  
I solved some problems of the definite integral.  
For example, ∮(-2→2) (2x^3-x^2+4)dx .  
First, we should solve ∮(2x^3-x^2+4)dx like indefinite integral.  
This is an easy problem, you understand the answer is x^4/2 - x^3/3 + 4x.  
Second, we should substitute 2 and -2 for x^4/2 - x^3/3 + 4x.  
Third, we should subtract expression that substitutes the value before the change from the expression that substitutes changed value.  
Namely, the expression is (8-8/3+8) - (8+8/3-8), so the answer is 32/3.  
The teacher taught us by using a coordinate plane and the linear function (y = 2x).  
She said the derivation of the enclosed area is the enclosed function.  

## Electron
Chromeru0312 and I are developing movie-edit software.  
I work Front-end (e.g. UI, Developing Visual Programming) so I have to learn about Electron.  
Electron is a framework to develop cross-platform software.  
This is so cool, but its demerit is to install it cost much time.  
However, developing using Electron is very fun!

## Mutual Link
My friend madoreenu updates her blog every day with a very nice and cool, terrifyingly interesting blog with excellent English ability and good taste!  
If you don't want to waste your life, you should definitely visit this blog!

**[Super Hyper Excellent It's hard to imagine that it was made by cool human hands. It's a blog by madoreenu who can't read without the tears that are wonderful and moving.](https://madoreenu.github.io/diary/2020-06-23-today/)**

## New Word
| English | Japanese |
| ------- | -------- |
| differential | 微分 |
| integral | 積分 |
| definite integral | 定積分 |
| indefinite integral | 不定積分 |
| subtract | 引く |
| coordinate plane | 座標平面 |